hey how's it going Dave Judy here so I
like the surface pro products I've
always liked them I think they're one of
the most versatile computers you can get
on the market right now like that hold
two month or max you're super cool but
there's a couple things I've kind of
bugged me about the service Pro first is
the price point even at the base model
it's not particularly cheap and the
second thing is that over the years and
we're on our fifth generation of surface
Pro products right now and they have not
improved that much I mean incremental
improvements every year but it's still
the same kind of product that it has
been since day one and there's nothing
wrong with it but it's a pretty
conservative approach to the whole tune
one tablet thing this is the Eve V and
to explain what this product is I think
we have to go a little bit into story
time about a year ago like July 2016 I
was approached by this company and said
hey Dave you know you do laptops we want
to send you this product that's going to
be like this laptop killer it's going to
be an industry changing product and at
the time I was like really you know this
like unknown startup company thinks that
they can make a product that's going to
be a industry changer I mean I'd love to
believe it but send me the product when
it's done and I will gladly take a look
at it but I really didn't think anything
would come from it now fast forward one
year later and they actually sent me a
fully working prototype now keep in mind
this is a prototype so I'm not going to
do like a full review on it but I just
want to go through some of my first
impressions of it first the device is
very similar to Microsoft Surface it has
a kickstand and even the keyboard looks
and feels like a surface and I think a
lot of people could mistake this for
some kind of special edition Microsoft
Surface pro very similar the material is
aluminum not magnesium like the surface
lineup but it's still very solid feeling
and it's very well made now one of the
coolest things about this product is
that the whole concept of it was
crowd-sourced so they asked that ton of
people I think like a thousand people
what they would want in a laptop and
this thing was born and one of the
things that people really wanted was
good io because the surface lineup
doesn't have a great port selection so
we have to use bas to USB seeds one of
them actually being sound about three
there's an audio jack that has a good
quality amp in there the power switch
also has a fingerprint sensor for
logging in with Windows hello there's
four speakers they sound pretty clean a
lot better than I thought they would and
the display panel looks
nice its high-res individually
calibrated at the factory so it's color
accurate right on the box and it comes
with a stylus for pen input and stuff
and it's compatible with Microsoft
Surface pens if you want they have a few
configurations they're all running wide
processors but these guys have done an
amazing job cooling it passively so it's
fanless this one's running a core m3 and
the temperatures stay low even when the
boost kicks in I could actually play
overwatch at the lowest possible setting
that wasn't amazing I was hovering
around 35 40 frames per second but
totally playable and remember this has a
Thunderbolt 3 port so if you want to go
nuts you can connect an external GPU for
games the keyboard is also really nice
and this is actually the first two and
one keyboard that I've used that has RGB
backlighting you can switch between a
few colors typing is super comfortable
the trackpad is good it's the glass
surface with when it's precision drivers
the inputs on this device are really
good but the best part is you can remove
it and this RGB backlit keyboard
suddenly becomes a wireless keyboard
it's got bluetooth 4.2 in it and it's
got a small battery in it so you can
control this thing remotely so if you
have it connected to a projector or for
like presentations or whatever that's a
pretty cool feature now the battery in
the main device 48 watt hours it's
bigger than the surface pro 4 from last
year it's similar in size to the new
surface pro from 2017 the evie is
heavier by around 100 grams or so I
think a lot of the weight comes from the
beefier heatsink and I'm not going to
lie I think the extra weight is
noticeable but even if you hold it
one-handed it's an extremely comfortable
tablet to hold now the cameras on this
things aren't as good as the surface pro
so if image quality on your tablet is
important to you then this is probably
not the best product for you another
thing the stylus has less pressure
levels but for me these are things I
don't care too much about in the tablet
there's all these features about the EEV
that are pretty cool so like the
fingerprint sensor the RGB keyboard
symbol 3 the average guy that walks into
the Microsoft Store like the business
guy or whatever that goes in there
looking for a two-in-one tablet they
don't care about these features so
Microsoft isn't going to put these
features into their tablets anytime soon
but these are the type of features that
you guys and myself included like the
enthusiast level guys we like this stuff
and this is the type of stuff that makes
this product special now the pricing of
it is very fair it starts at $800 which
is the same price as the base price of
the new surface pro but the eve product
includes a keyboard and you're getting 8
gigs of ram instead of 4 so I think
you're getting a solid
for the money now just to be clear I'm
not saying that the surface pro is
garbage and compare since that's not at
all I think the surface pro is a
fantastic product and it's a good fit a
better fit for some people than this but
if you're in the market for a tuned one
I would say hold off on a purchase of
the surface pro that's what you're
getting at let this thing come out in
the market let it kind of proliferate
let the reviews come out because I think
that for a lot of people this is a
better fit than the surface pro you're
getting better value for the money and
it's just a more kind of enthusiast
level product than the surface pro is ok
hope you guys enjoyed this video thumbs
if you liked it subs if you loved it
I'll see you guys next time
[Music]